IT MAKES NO DIFFERENCE.
THIS IS SOMETHING THAT -- I
THINK THIS IS AN INTERESTING
FIGHT JUST BECAUSE IT'S
DIFFERENT THAN ANY OTHER FIGHT
THAT'S COME BEFORE.
>> YES.
>> Jimmy: BUT THIS IS SOMETHING
THAT'S PAINTED ON THE WALL AT
CONOR McGREGOR'S GYM.
HE HAS A -- I GUESS THAT'S YOU
BEING PUNCHED HARD IN THE FACE
BY HIM.
DID YOU GUYS POSE FOR THIS OR
WAS THIS JUST --
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> I GUESS IT'S SOMETHING THAT
THEY JUST MADE UP.
>> Jimmy: SOMETHING THEY MADE
UP.
DO YOU THINK THEY'RE GOING TO
PAINT OVER THAT WHEN IT GOES AS
EVERYONE SEEMS TO THINK IT'S
GOING TO GO?
>> I'M PRETTY SURE.
>> Jimmy: YOU SHOULD BUY THAT
GYM FROM HIM AND KNOCK IT DOWN
WITH A WRECKING BALL.
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> WE CAN DO THAT.
[ APPLAUSE ]
>> Jimmy: THAT WOULD BE
SOMETHING.
YOU COULD POTENTIALLY MAKE --
HOW MUCH MONEY COULD YOU
REASONABLY WALK OUT OF THIS
FIGHT WITH?
>> 350 MILLION.
>> Jimmy: $350 MILLION.
>> YES.
>> Jimmy: WOW.
YOU LOVE -- I KNOW YOU LOVE --
YOU LOVE MONEY, RIGHT?
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> IT'S COOL.
IT'S COOL.
>> Jimmy: HOW DID YOU GET THE
NICKNAME MONEY?
DID YOU NAME YOURSELF MONEY OR
WAS SOMEBODY ELSE --
>> THEY JUST STARTED CALLING ME
THAT.
>> Jimmy: THEY JUST STARTED
CALLING YOU THAT.
YOU ALWAYS HAVE A LOT OF MONEY
WITH YOU.
>> A LITTLE BIT.
>> Jimmy: I HAVE A PICTURE OF --
THIS IS FROM INSTAGRAM.
YOU'RE ON WHAT LOOKS LIKE A
PRIVATE PLANE.
>> MY PRIVATE PLANE.
>> Jimmy: YOUR PRIVATE PLANE.
SORRY.
WITH A WHOLE LOT OF MONEY AND IT
LOOKS LIKE A COUPLE OF BOWLS OF
KETCHUP MAYBE ALSO.
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> NO.
THOSE ARE CUP HOLDERS.
>> Jimmy: OH, THOSE ARE CUP
HOLDERS.
OKAY.
[ LAUGHTER ]
SORRY.
I DON'T HAVE A PRIVATE PLANE.
WHAT DO YOU DO WITH ALL THIS
MONEY?
I MEAN, LIKE -- DO YOU USE IT?
>> ENJOY IT.
>> Jimmy: ARE YOU USING THE
CASH?
>> YOU KNOW, CASH IS KING.
>> Jimmy: DO YOU HAVE AN ATM
CARD?
>> I'M THE HUMAN ATM.
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> Jimmy: HOW DO YOU EVEN GET
THIS MUCH MONEY?
WHAT DO YOU DO?
>> WORK HARD.
>> Jimmy: I KNOW THAT.
BUT LIKE DO YOU GO TO THE BANK
AND SAY I NEED ALL OF IT, I WANT
ALL OF THE MONEY IN YOUR BANK?
>> NO, THAT'S NOT WHAT YOU DO.
YOU ORDER IT.
YOU CAN ORDER IT.
>> Jimmy: OH, YOU CAN.
>> AND WHEN YOU ORDER A CERTAIN
AMOUNT, WHEN YOU ORDER MILLIONS
OF DOLLARS, A BRINK'S TRUCK
COMES TO YOUR HOME.
>> Jimmy: WOW.
WHY NOT JUST DRIVE AROUND IN ONE
OF THOSE THINGS?
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> AT ONE PARTICULAR TIME I HAD
A BRINK'S TRUCK.
>> Jimmy: YOU DID.
>> I SOLD IT.
YES.
>> Jimmy: WHO DID YOU SELL THAT
TO?
>> ANOTHER GUY WHO LOVED MONEY.